Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[door opens]
[wind howls. leaves rustle]
[owl hooting]
[door closes]
[door opens]
[seabirds calling.
buoy bell rings]
[door closes]
[ominous tone]
[vehicle approaching]
[car door opens]
[woman] Hello? Hello!
-Hello?
-[car door slams]
I'm returning a rental.
Is there anyone here?
[knocks on door]
Anyone!
-Hello?
-[car door opens]
Oh. come on!
All-night service. my ass.
[phone line rings]
[woman. on phone]
You've reached Sunset Rentals.
Your call is important to us
and we will
be with your shortly.
[rock music plays over phone]
Fuck this shit.
[leather seat squeaks]
[music stops]
[ominous music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[turn signal clicking]
[vehicles passing.
traffic ambience]
[loud thud]
[breathing softly]
[gasps and coughs]
[sniffles]
[vehicles passing.
traffic ambience continues]
[pounds on boot lid]
Hello?
Ah! Hello? I'm in the back!
[ominous music playing]
[kicking]
[rapid traffic passing nearby]
Help!
[breathing heavily]
[cell phone vibrating]
[crying softly]
[vibrating stops]
[sniffling]
[gasps softly]
[breathing heavily]
[panting]
[phone line ringing]
[male operator] 911 emergency.
please state the nature of--
-I'm trapped in a trunk.
-All right.
-Please. help me.
-Calm down please. ma'am.
Did you lock yourself in?
No. no. I've been taken.
as in kidnapped.
All right. but you have
your phone with you?
How else could I be calling you?
Okay. ma'am. okay.
I'm gonna ask you
to please stay calm.
I am calm.
And it's miss.
Please. help me.
We're trying our best.
Meanwhile.
what else can you tell me?
Do you know what kind
of a car it is?
A sedan. I guess. I don't know.
And the colour?
I can't tell. It's dark.
A dark sedan.
No. as in dark on the inside.
Is that supposed to be a joke.
ma'am?
On the 911 call?
What? No. no! I'm not joking!
I'm sorry. I'm just scared!
Do you know the man
who took you?
Have you seen him before?
[sobbing] No.
I didn't even see him now.
Okay.
And what is your name. ma'am?
Amanda. Miss Amanda Jennings.
Are you still there?
Okay. so far
your track shows you
somewhere north
of Houston. non-specific.
We should go over the
confined-in-trunk checklist.
-There's a checklist?
-For everything. ma'am.
First. check if there's
an emergency trunk release
in the car.
A what?
All newer vehicles have them.
It should be a small
phosphorescent plastic handle
with a clearly marked
"exit" symbol.
I don't see it. no.
It should be on the lid
somewhere.
No. it's not here.
Uh. maybe he took it out?
-Yeah.
-Try pressing firmly upwards
with your hands or feet
on the trunk lid.
I already fucking did this!
I'm gonna encourage you
to just take
a few deep breaths. please.
[Amanda inhales
and exhales deeply]
Good.
You're under a lot of stress.
but we're doing all we can
to get you out.
All police in your area
have been notified.
They're all looking for you.
Amanda. all right?
Okay. Thank you.
So we should start working
on your profile.
Where were you
when the abduction took place?
-Houston.
-All right.
Perhaps a little more specific?
Uh. a car rental place.
Sunset-something. I don't know.
Somewhere downtown.
All right. and where
did you come from today?
Dallas. I'm from Dallas.
Uh-huh.
And when will you
be going back?
I won't.
As in...?
Never.
I'm not going back. okay?
Understood.
And what about the car?
What about it?
Shouldn't it be returned
to Dallas?
No. it's a one-way rental.
You pay a fee and then
you can drop it off wherever.
Oh. I see. Clever.
Yeah. I guess so.
Have you received threats
of any kind lately. Amanda?
Anyone who might wish you harm?
No. I... No.
What else can you tell me
about yourself?
About myself?
I'm the girl in the trunk.
remember?
Amanda. I'm just looking
for the big picture here.
[softly] The big picture.
I work in a bank. always have.
Management track.
I live alone.
Have friends. but not many.
I love sushi
and long walks on the beach.
Big enough?
It'll do.
But let me just clear
something up.
You're saying
you left Dallas today
with no intention
of going back. ever.
Does anyone know where you are?
No.
Could you describe
your clothing for me. please?
My clothing?
Your clothing.
What are you wearing. Amanda?
What am I wearing?
Is this a fucking
dating hotline?
It's for your profile.
A dress.
A white goddamn wedding dress.
A wedding dress?
Amanda...
are you running away
from something?
What the fuck is this?
You must be the worst goddamn
911 operator in the world!
Well. how many
have you actually talked to?
Fuck you. I want to talk
to your supervisor. now!
I'm sorry. Amanda.
It's just me.
You're not really...
a 911 operator. are you?
Well. I guess that depends
on the definition.
You did call 911.
and I am definitely
operating the line.
On the other hand.
anyone with root access
to someone's phone
and a laptop
could technically
be a 911 operator.
How are you feeling. Amanda?
My head hurts
like a motherfucker.
That would be the chloroform.
It'll pass in about
an hour or two.
Who are you?
And what do you want from me?
What? Are you worried
that I'll chop you into pieces
and put you in the freezer?
Or lock you up in my basement
for the next 20 years?
I'd be worried about that too.
So. ma'am...
what's in Dallas that you
so badly want to get away from?
It's miss.
[phone chimes off]
[sighs]
[inhales sharply]
[cries]
[exhales softly]
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[fabric ripping]
[gasps]
[yells]
[breathing heavily]
[strains and screams]
Help!
[tyres screech]
[breathing heavily]
[tyres squeal]
[gravel crunching under tyres]
[tyres screech]
[panting]
[car door opens]
[footsteps approaching]
What are you doing?
Give me that.
[strains and grunts]
[Amanda breathing heavily]
Oh. look at this.
Why would you go
and do that. Amanda?
[car horn honks]
Now you'd better stay put now.
And quiet. you got it?
[car door opens]
-You all right there. friend?
-Sure!
Sure. just a little bit of...
[man]
Car trouble? Y'all need a hand?
[kidnapper]
Nah. I'm all right. Thanks.
It's all good.
Oh. actually. you know what?
You wouldn't happen to have
a rope or something?
This damn thing
won't close right.
Hang on.
[kidnapper] Thanks. buddy.
Quietly.
Will this do?
[kidnapper] Perfectly.
All right. let's see...
[ratcheting]
There we go.
How much do I owe you?
Oh. nothing.
[kidnapper] No. no. I insist.
Why don't you hang on a minute.
[footsteps]
[car door opens]
[whimpers]
[man] Hey. partner.
You got something
whacking around in there.
[kidnapper] That's nothing.
Don't worry about it.
[thudding]
Sure don't sound like nothing.
You run something over?
[kidnapper. chuckles] Yeah.
Yeah. something.
-[thudding on boot lid]
-[gasps]
[man] It ain't right keeping
an animal trapped like that.
[kidnapper] Amen to that.
[man] You ought to make sure
them road kills
be good and dead
before loading them up.
Give them a good whacking.
you know?
[kidnapper] Thanks.
That's a good suggestion.
I might do just that.
[man] Y'all need some help?
I got a good ol' shiny crowbar
back here.
[kidnapper]
No. thanks. I'll manage.
Well. it's a free country.
No! no! Please. don't leave!
That's not an animal!
[kidnapper]
I think you're right.
Please help me!
[man]
What in God's name is all this?
-No. no!
-[blow lands]
[man coughs and groans]
[kidnapper]
You sure did it now. Amanda.
[car door closes. engine starts]
[eerie music playing]
-[engine revs]
-[Amanda] No!
-[loud thud]
-[screams]
[crash. glass shatters]
-[man coughs]
-[gear stick shifts]
[engine revs]
[gear stick shifts]
No! No! Please! No. no!
No. please! Don't!
[man screams]
[wistful music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[vehicle driving.
traffic ambience]
[gravel crunching under tyres]
-[tyres squeal]
-[thud]
[gear stick shifts]
[breathing heavily]
[car door closes]
[car door opens and closes]
Please. don't kill me!
[kidnapper]
Are you all right there. Amanda?
I apologise for the rough ride.
We had to move quick.
and I didn't feel like
getting back on the interstate
just then.
[Amanda breathing heavily]
It's okay.
I understand if you're pissed.
But I feel we should
probably talk about
what happened back there.
'Cause I didn't want that.
Not at all.
Contrary to what you might
reasonably believe...
I'm not really a violent man.
honestly.
You made that necessary.
Okay?
Do you understand that?
It's...
you know. consequence.
That's the word I'm looking for.
Amanda?
All right. let's--
Let's not talk about it. then.
Bygones be bygones and all that.
And I understand.
you had to try. right?
No hard feelings.
Fuck you!
[kidnapper]
Yeah. thanks. but no thanks.
Let's just be friends. okay?
Why don't we try something
more conversational?
You see. I'm really
dying to know
what the hell the deal is
with that dress.
Who rents a car and drives
around dressed up like that?
What do you say?
Between friends?
You're not my friend.
[kidnapper]
How about a trade. then?
You tell me in return
for something.
What? You're gonna let me out?
[kidnapper] Uh. no.
[Amanda] Well. then you have
nothing I want.
[kidnapper] You know.
that's not entirely true
if you think about it.
Nothing comes to mind.
No?
How about the code
for that phone of yours?
Okay.
-Tell me.
-[kidnapper] Now. dear.
that's not how this works.
The story first.
Of course.
[kidnapper] Ah. yes. Trust.
It's a dead end. then.
Well. I digress anyway.
Where was I?
Consequences. blah. blah...
[kidnapper]
Thank you. Yes. consequence.
Or causality. you might say.
The fact that action
leads to reaction.
A consequence.
You leave the water running.
your house gets flooded.
You use your birth year
as a password on your phone.
and someone might guess. right?
Or maybe you drop a plate
on the kitchen floor
and your father locks you
in the basement
with the lights out.
Right?
-Right?
-Right.
[kidnapper]
Or maybe
you scream and holler after
you've been told to shut up...
and someone gets killed.
Or how about.
you're a crazy psycho
who kidnaps someone
and then spends
the next 40 years
getting his face fucked
in federal prison?
[kidnapper]
That's exactly what I mean.
You get it.
Well. how about this last one?
You damage someone's car
for no damn reason.
and with no consideration at all
of how expensive
a trunk lock is to replace...
What? You want to punish me
for the fucking car?
[kidnapper]
Punishment. Yes.
[Amanda gasps and whimpers]
Pure manifestation
of consequence.
The price you pay. so to speak.
But also a deterrent from
further transgressions. right?
[breathing heavily]
What do you want to do to me?
[kidnapper] Oh!
Oh. I see what you're thinking.
Penetration.
Any woman's worst nightmare.
I don't know why. really.
I should think
there'd be plenty worse things
that could happen.
But then again. I'm no woman.
As I was saying.
I don't really know
if I'd have the stomach
for that sort of thing.
But I did bring a friend who
generally likes nothing better.
Hang on.
[Amanda breathing heavily]
[eerie music playing]
Okay. here we are.
It'll be just a moment.
He's a little shy. Come on.
[soft tapping]
[legs scratching]
[gasps]
He's a striped bark scorpion.
[Amanda] Oh. shit!
[kidnapper] Endemic to our
great state of Texas here.
Fuck! Please.
just get him out of here.
Don't worry too much. though.
The sting is only
occasionally fatal.
unless. of course.
you have an allergic reaction.
In which case. medical
assistance gets important.
Very painful. though.
in any case.
Something about neurotoxins
that can cause paraesthesia
and muscle spasms.
You have to love
Wikipedia. right?
Apparently they're also
social critters.
I'm not entirely sure
what that entails.
but I'll leave the two of you
to find out.
What do you want?
My story about the dress?
[kidnapper] Well. yeah.
If you want to share.
Okay. Yes. I do.
I do. I ran.
I ran from my own wedding.
I ran. okay?
-[kidnapper] You ran?
-[Amanda] Yeah.
I was there with all the guests
and the music and the gifts
and the fucking dress!
And I just realized
that none of it was for me.
It was all for my dad
and his friends! So I just ran.
You couldn't have just not
gotten married?
[Amanda] No!
[kidnapper] Why the drama
and the one-way rental?
Too late when you're already
cutting the cake!
And you don't
understand my father.
I could've never faced him.
So I just snapped!
I ran out. got into a car
and started driving.
That's why the one-way rental.
That's the story!
[kidnapper]
Why. thank you so much. Amanda.
That was very enlightening.
Okay. now just get this
silverback scorpion out of here!
[kidnapper. laughing]
Striped bark. not silverback.
A silverback would be
a male gorilla.
I would've noticed a large ape
in the trunk of the car.
Although. come to think of it.
I suppose--
Whatever!
Just get him out of here!
[kidnapper] Oh. I'm sorry.
That wasn't the deal.
The scorpion is for the car.
You two have fun now.
[heavy breathing and whimpering]
No! Please don't leave!
[car door closes]
[Amanda hyperventilating]
[car door opens]
[car door closes]
[car engine starts]
[gear stick shifts]
[engine revs. car drives]
[gasps]
[eerie music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[intense music playing]
[sharp thud]
[moans]
[suspenseful music playing]
[phone line rings]
[kidnapper]
911 emergency. what is your--
-Fuck you!
-Oh. it's you! How are you?
My friend isn't bugging you.
I trust.
What the fuck was that.
you sick bastard?
I thought I was pretty clear
on that subject.
Nothing is clear about you.
What the fuck
did I ever do to you?
You mean. besides damaging
this vehicle
for no good reason at all.
Yeah. besides that.
Oh. well.
I suppose it's only natural
that you'd think
this is all about you.
Oh. It's not about me?
Hmm.
Well. let me tell you a story.
[laughs] Oh. God!
Once upon a time
there was this little--
-Seriously?
-Amanda!
Once upon a time
there was a little family.
Mom. and Dad.
and even a little kid.
But of course. a little family
needs a little house.
So Mom and Dad
went to the bank.
who were just the nicest people
and helped them with that.
They just had to sign
a bunch of papers.
and then the little family
had a house.
and everything was just peachy.
But then.
one day Mom got sick.
and she had to go
to the hospital.
And for reasons too convoluted
to comprehend.
her medical insurance
wouldn't pay.
And Dad had to spend
all his time
haggling with fucking lawyers
and agents and officials
on the phone.
So. eventually.
he lost his job.
Of course.
Mom ended up dying anyway.
And there. right
at the very end of our story.
is when the bank
swooped back in.
All those papers
Mom and Dad had signed.
turns out they basically said.
"Don't worry.
If your life falls apart.
we'll come for the pieces."
You feel
you got bad counselling?
[laughs]
Oh. counselling!
Amanda. you gotta love
that word.
You buy a used car
from the guy down the street.
you don't call him
a counsellor.
But in banks.
the salesmen are trained
to act like your friend
while they peddle
their bullshit.
Anyway. Mom was dead.
Dad had gone to pieces.
and the kid was growing up.
so he left home.
And Dad suddenly had lots
of time on his hands
to not have a family.
not have a home.
not have a job
or a cent to his name.
Happily ever after.
The end.
I'm sorry.
But how is that my fault?
I don't even do counselling!
It's not. of course.
I just thought it was
an interesting story.
So. what is it you want?
Money?
You think my daddy's gonna
pay you to let me out?
Is that really
so inconceivable?
We'll see. I'm sure.
The night is young.
But you'll be wanting
that code now. I imagine.
-What?
-The pin.
That was the deal. wasn't it?
The code for the story.
Although. I gotta say. the
delivery could've used some--
Of course I want it.
Give it to me.
All right. Do you have
something to write it down?
[laughing]
Of course you don't.
You think you can remember?
-Yes. I think I can remember.
-You sure?
You only have
a limited amount of tries
on those things. you know.
I mean. we can wait.
-I'll remember.
-All right. then.
You ready?
Ready!
Okay.
So. the code is
one.
-You got that?
-Got it. One.
Followed by two.
-Two!
-Mm-hmm.
[coughs]
Oh. excuse me.
[kidnapper clears throat]
And then it's three.
And four!
You got that?
[suspenseful music playing]
[phone line rings]
Hello. This is
Stephen Jennings.
Hello. Daddy?
I'm not available
at the moment.
Please do not leave a message.
[chime]
[vibrates]
[gasps] Daddy?
[Stephen. on phone]
Amanda? Is that you?
[sobbing] Yeah.
Hi. Daddy.
Where the hell are you?
Do you know what time it is?
No. I don't.
I'm in big fucking trouble!
[crying]
You better believe
that you are.
I had to send the guests home.
Nobody knew
where the hell you were.
It's a big fucking mess now.
And Johnny's family.
you know how they get.
I swear that mother-in-law
of yours
was glowing in the dark.
she was that fucking pissed.
I'm trapped in a car!
A car?
What car?
I don't know. I'm in the trunk.
What. you lock yourself in
or something?
No. someone took me.
Someone what?
Are you saying
you were kidnapped?
Yeah.
-By who?
-I don't know. I didn't see him.
He must have drugged me
or something.
He didn't do nothing to you.
did he?
-No.
-'Cause if he did.
I swear to Christ.
I'm gonna rip--
-No. it's not like that.
-Okay. all right.
Okay. did you call the cops?
-No. I can't. I tried. but--
-Good. don't.
This sort of thing
we gotta deal with ourselves.
You understand?
-Mm-hmm.
-Where are you now?
I don't know.
I think somewhere near Houston.
How the hell did that happen?
How did you manage
to get kidnapped
from your own wedding. anyway?
There must have been
a hundred people there.
Maybe the fact that nobody was
paying attention to me helped.
Well. so. what happened?
I went outside
to get some air alone.
And the next thing I know.
I'm waking up in a trunk
with a big fucking headache!
-In Houston?
-Yeah.
And that's all?
Mm-hmm.
Damn it. Manda.
you know I can tell
when you're lying to me.
I'm not!
Sure you are.
I can always tell. Always.
You didn't go outside
to get some air. did you?
You're smoking again!
Yeah. Daddy.
I was smoking. I'm sorry.
You shouldn't lie to me.
You're right. but can we please
talk about this later?
Yeah. okay.
All right. then.
And you are in the trunk?
What car is it?
I don't know.
Well. what does it look like?
I can't tell! I'm in the trunk!
Right. shit.
Shit!
-When I get that little creep--
-Daddy. please focus!
But he didn't hurt you?
No. not as such.
As such?
He didn't.
Well. do you know
what he wants?
Money. maybe. I think money.
So you talked to him.
Yeah. on the phone.
But you didn't see him?
I already told you!
Damn it. Manda!
I need to know who this is.
I need to know
who's messing with me.
Who's messing with you?
-Well. you know what I mean.
-Yeah. I know.
Please. don't do this.
-Do what?
-Make this about you.
Manda. you know who I am!
My daughter's been kidnapped
for ransom.
How is this not about me?
By me being the one
in the fucking trunk!
How much money did he want?
Why? So you can decide
whether it's a good deal or not?
No. Because I need to know
what sort of a man I--
we-- are dealing with.
If he wants 10 grand.
he's an imbecile.
If he wants a 100 million.
he's a lunatic.
-You see my point?
-He didn't say.
-And you didn't ask?
-No. I didn't ask.
Look. Manda...
You know what? Fuck this!
I'm gonna find out
exactly how much he wants.
[intense music swelling]
[no audio]
[vibrating]
[kidnapper]
So... Manda.
I guess you're still Daddy's
girl after all. huh?
How do you...
Were you listening?
Have you seen
a Texas highway at night?
What else would I be doing?
I love the way you skirted that
whole running-away business.
So he was right.
This is about him after all.
Is that why you gave the code?
To make me call him?
Why don't you just man up
and call him yourself?
-'Cause I like talking to you.
-Is that right?
You lock everybody up
you want to talk to?
Yeah. I'm a people person
that way.
[sniffles]
He wants to know
how much money you want.
I heard.
So. how much?
Oh. I hadn't thought
about that.
Somewhere between "imbecile"
and "lunatic." I guess.
Are you kidding me?
What kind of kidnapper are you?
Just tell him to bring whatever
he thinks you're worth.
I won't quibble.
There's a Park & Ride
out by the 105 intersection
in Plantersville.
He can meet us there.
All right.
And tell him to bring the money
in a black duffle bag.
Non-sequential bills.
Non-sequential bills?
Is that a line from some movie?
No.
But Plantersville. got it?
Okay.
Who are you?
I mean. really.
Daddy told you
to find out my name?
No.
I mean. you know he did.
But that's not it.
It doesn't seem like
you do this for a living.
Nah. With the economy and all.
the kidnapping business really
ain't what it used to be.
Just...
Who are you?
That would be a mite easy.
don't you think?
Me just telling you like that.
You really want that?
Yeah.
I'll tell you what.
We've got a long drive
ahead here.
We gotta stay awake.
Why don't we make
a game of it?
I'll give you 10 questions
to figure it out.
I promise to answer
truthfully. okay?
Let's say you've got
until sunrise.
If you get it right.
I'll let you go.
Sound good?
And if I don't?
What happens at sunrise?
Well. we're in Texas. Manda.
There's no air conditioning
in the back.
It's like those dogs
left in parked cars. right?
When the sun comes up. Manda.
you die.
You've got nine questions left.
What? That wasn't a question!
What kind of game is that?
Well. Manda.
the answer to that
That wasn't
a real question either.
[phone chimes]
[phone line rings]
[Stephen] Yeah?
-Okay. so I spoke to him again.
-Good.
Did you find anything out?
Who he is. what he looks like?
It's not like
we're face-to-face.
What?
Wait. Daddy. wait.
What is it?
Manda. don't put
the phone down.
Manda. what are you--
Manda!
Shit!
Manda. what's going on?
I spoke to him again
about the money.
Yeah? So how much does he want?
Well. that's the thing. He...
What? He what?
He wants $100.000. Daddy.
Can you get that?
[sighs] Yeah. I guess.
Okay. but you gotta hurry.
We only have till sunrise.
He wants to meet in a place
called Plantersville.
Do you know it?
He wants to meet there
at the Park & Ride.
Plantersville?
That's gonna be tight.
Can we get more time?
[Amanda] Yes!
Manda?
No. we can't get more time.
Well. can you try?
Hang on. Daddy.
Stop doing that!
-Manda. are you there?
-What the hell?
Manda! Do I even have
your full attention?
-Okay. Daddy?
-Yes?
Listen to me.
I'm gonna send you something.
and when you get it.
I need you to reply to me
with. um...
the name of our first dog. okay?
What the hell
are you talking about?
[phone beeps off]
[sighs]
[phone vibrates]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[dramatic music playing]
-[thud]
-[clicks and crackles]
[cell phone vibrates]
Daddy?
What time is it?
[man. on phone]
It's about 4:00. Fruit Loops.
John...
I'm sorry. I must've dozed off.
It's so good
to hear your voice.
How are...
I mean. how are you?
I'm okay.
I mean. I'm not hurt.
Good. I am...
you know. worried.
-Did you talk to my dad?
-Sure.
I still don't understand it.
though. how it could happen.
with all the guests
and everything.
It must have been
two or three hours
before anyone even started
looking for you seriously.
That's what I figured.
But I guess you were
long gone by then.
[sighs] Did you get the picture?
The one of the guy?
Sure. How the hell
did you get that?
Long story.
But does he look familiar?
Not really.
I woke up some of the guys.
and they are trying to put
together a facial search.
-You can do that?
-We can do a lot. sure. but...
it's not the best image.
Profiles are tricky.
I don't suppose
you got a frontal?
It's not like I got him
to pose for me.
It would really help if we
could narrow our search some.
Stephen said you spoke
to the guy?
-Yeah.
-Jesus.
How much did you talk?
We had a nice. long chat.
-He say anything?
-Shutting him up is the trick.
Anything we can use?
I don't know.
He might have been
a customer at the bank.
What? Stephen's bank?
First Capital?
We can get those records.
Or it might have been bullshit.
I don't know.
How about an accent?
Can you hear where he's from?
Not really. He sounds like
he could be from anywhere.
And he likes using big words
like "penetration."
-What?
-No. no. not like that!
It's just that he likes
the sound of his own voice.
But Jesus.
Can you even breathe in there
or move?
I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!
I should've never--
John!
If you... when you get back.
I'm never letting you
out of my sight again!
I'm sorry. Fruit Loops.
It's okay. It' s okay
I'll be all right.
Sorry.
Listen. John.
I really need to get his name.
That's really important.
his name.
Sure. I'll get it.
Good.
Thank you.
I gotta go now. okay?
Go where?
I just...
I'll talk to you soon. okay?
Sure!
Fruit Loops?
Yeah?
I love you.
Love you too.
[phone line rings]
[kidnapper]
Hello. Fruit Loops.
How are you?
Just peachy.
Oh. you thought
I was gonna ask you back
and waste one of my questions.
I had to try. You understand.
You're an asshole.
I know!
Nice trick with the pipe.
I didn't see that one coming.
So. John...
Sounds like a nice guy.
He is.
He's gonna search for my face?
He a Navy SEAL or something?
Working for the NSA?
Credit assessment. actually.
Just downstairs from me.
Well. he sounds like
a real keeper.
If girls are dumping that kind
of quality at the altar.
I'm not sure what'll become
of the rest of us.
There's always kidnapping.
[kidnapper laughs]
So I think I would like to use
some of my questions now.
Oh. awesome! Let's play.
-First...
-Yeah?
...I would like to know
what kind of car this is.
Really?
Most people start with.
"where do you live"
or something.
Really?
Okay. sure. It's a sedan.
Wow.
What do you want from me?
I just drive them.
It's a sedan.
Medium size. white-ish.
Logo looks Chinese
or something.
Eight questions left.
Nine.
Excuse me?
I haven't asked you
anything yet.
I said. "I would like to know."
That's on you.
[kidnapper sighs]
Not bad.
You are by far
the funniest I've had.
Fair enough. then.
Nine.
Okay.
-I would like to know--
-No!
I think you'll want to ask
this time.
Right.
So. where do you live?
[laughs] Ooh!
Now we're getting somewhere!
I live in Houston. Texas.
Outskirts.
And where did you work
before you lost your job?
Sunset Rental.
Only job I ever had.
My rental company? The
one where I got the car from?
The very same.
How did you kidnap me?
In the basement.
after you brought back the car.
Drugged you
with chloroform on a cloth.
then dragged you
into the trunk.
But the basement
has private access.
You'd still have to be working
for the company to get in.
-Is that a question?
-No. hang on.
You said you lost your job.
and that's why
you needed the money.
Because you lost everything.
Mm-hmm.
You promised
you would tell the truth.
Sure. When we started the game.
I said that other stuff
before that.
Five questions.
So...
Your wife. your kids.
your house. that was all a lie?
Uh. I prefer to call it
a parable.
I felt that it conveyed truth.
you know?
I prefer to call it bullshit!
That's between you
and the bulls.
Four questions left.
So...
So. you didn't know who...
Why me?
Honestly?
The dress.
Who the hell brings back
a rental car
in their wedding whites.
and alone?
I just had to know. you know?
And also. you're pretty short.
I don't do tall people.
It's just not practical
with a modern-sized trunk.
So. um...
Are we even going
to Plantersville?
No. Manda. I don't think so.
[police siren wailing distantly]
Oh. hell!
-[tyres crunching gravel]
-[turn signal clicking]
[police siren nearing]
[gear stick shifts]
[kidnapper]
You keep quiet back there.
I'm not kidding!
I'm not laughing.
[kidnapper]
I'm serious. Amanda.
You already have one life
on your conscience.
[sound of gun racking]
You hear me?
[female officer]
Open up. please.
[power window whirs down]
Turn off the engine.
please. sir.
[car engine turns off]
[kidnapper] Sure.
What seems to be the problem?
[female officer]
You have a broken taillight.
[kidnapper] Oh. really?
That happens in real life?
[female officer] Sure does.
License and registration?
[kidnapper] Yep. there you go.
[female officer] Actually...
Your whole tailgate looks like
you might have run over a deer.
ass first.
[kidnapper] Yeah.
Yeah. I think it might have
been more like a moose.
[officer. laughing] Right.
The old Texan moose.
Big problem this time of year.
[kidnapper] Yep.
[female officer] And where
you going this evening. sir?
[kidnapper]
I'm just headed up to Whitehall.
[female officer] Good. that's
right around the corner.
I can probably let you go
with a warning.
[kidnapper] Thank you.
[officer] But you'll need to
fix that light before moving on.
[kidnapper] Sure thing.
That was my plan anyway.
[female officer] Good.
[female officer]
This seems okay. sir.
I just need you
to pop the trunk for me.
and you'll be on your merry way.
[kidnapper]
Uh. is that strictly necessary?
I... I just barely got it
latched down back there.
This thing is damn near
falling to pieces.
[female officer] Nah. all right.
Just procedure. anyway.
[kidnapper] Thank you.
[female officer] Hey. you know.
I grew out my tail feathers
around these parts.
-[kidnapper] Oh. really?
-[female officer] Yeah!
Real country girl. I am.
[kidnapper]
Oh. you don't say.
[female officer]
Anyway. I'm just wondering
if we might know
some of the same people.
Are your folks up in Whitehall?
Living there. I mean?
[kidnapper] No. No. they aren't.
[female officer] Oh.
I'm-- I'm sorry.
You mean they aren't living...
in Whitehall?
I thought maybe they were.
you know?
That I'd screwed the pooch.
I can be an idiot like that.
[kidnapper] Yeah. yeah.
[officer] Anyway. I'm sure
you've got places to be and all.
Have a nice evening now
and drive safe. all right?
[kidnapper] Will do.
Thank you very much. ma'am.
[phone vibrating]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[female officer]
Someone there?
[car door opens]
Stay in the car. cowboy! Back!
Keeps your hands
where I can see them!
[thudding on boot lid]
[breathing heavily]
[thudding]
[whispering] I'm sorry.
[gunshots]
[car engine starts]
[tyres squeal]
[dramatic music playing]
[crying]
[cell phone vibrating]
Daddy? I don't think
I'm gonna make it.
[Stephen] Are you listening?
Are you listening.
you son of a bitch?
-What?
-I know who you are.
You bastard!
I have no idea
what you think you're doing.
but I'm here to give you
fair warning. you hear me?
Daddy. I don't think
he can hear you!
Nobody. and I mean nobody
comes after me like this!
You hurt my daughter.
and I swear to God
that you will pay!
-Daddy?
-I got your money here!
If I don't get back
what's mine. unharmed.
there'll be nowhere to hide.
Do you hear me?
I will find you. Mr. Bell--
What? Daddy!
-Do you have his name?
-Yeah.
-And if he so much--
-Daddy. say the name!
-It wasn't that hard to find!
-Dad. just say the name!
Bellerose. Michael Bellerose!
I'm coming for you. Manda!
Just sit tight.
[tyres squeal]
[engine turns off]
[car door opens]
[footsteps approaching]
[boot lid creaks and slams]
[feet grinding gravel]
[kidnapper] You should see
the stars out here.
The sun will be up soon.
they'll all be gone.
But right now...
they're pretty damn beautiful.
I saw them.
[kidnapper]
You know that thing they say
about the night being darkest
just before dawn?
What about it?
[kidnapper]
It's horseshit. of course.
The night is obviously darkest
right in the middle of it.
But still. these stars
are pretty damn beautiful.
You know what? I think we might
be in real trouble here.
This usually goes
a lot smoother.
Who the hell gets stopped for
a broken taillight in real life?
You've done this
a lot of times. haven't you?
[kidnapper] Is that a question?
No.
[kidnapper]
Anyway. you've got two left.
It's nearly dawn. so we got
to start thinking about
wrapping this up.
[sniffles]
Oh. don't cry now.
All good things have got to come
to an end. you know?
-I'm not crying.
-[kidnapper] Good.
So. what do you want to know?
Your job.
What exactly do you do
at the rental company?
-[kidnapper] What I do?
-Yeah.
[kidnapper]
Okay. Okay. then. I drive.
That's really all I do.
When people bring in a car
that's been rented
somewhere else.
like Houston. in your case.
you pay a one-way fee.
and basically I'm the guy
whose time is valued at exactly
little enough to be the one
who takes it
all the fucking way back
and then catch a Greyhound home.
Long days. I can tell you.
-Yeah. that's what I thought.
-[kidnapper] What?
You guessed that. did you?
No. but I figured
it was something like that.
[kidnapper]
You've got one question left.
No. I don't want it.
[kidnapper] Seriously?
You're not gonna ask about
my reasons. motives and such?
No.
I'm sorry. I'm sure you had
a whole speech prepared.
But...
I already know who you are...
Michael Bellerose.
[kidnapper] I see.
And the "why"?
Well. let me tell you a story.
-[kidnapper] Really?
-Really.
Once upon a time.
there was this perfect
little family.
A husband and a wife.
and a kid and all of that.
But you weren't the husband.
You were the kid.
The kid whose mother died.
whose father gave up on him.
But no. Daddy didn't leave you
because he was an asshole.
He left because
of the rich people.
People who can afford
pretty dresses
and one-way rentals.
This is not about the money
for you.
Or my father.
Or even me.
You're just an angry.
lonely man...
who takes it out
on innocent people
on long. boring rides.
It's actually kind of tragic.
Except...
you're still a murderer!
[sniffles]
[exhales softly]
I got it right. didn't I?
[kidnapper]
That's pretty spot-on. actually.
And great delivery too.
I would've let you go. honestly.
I am a man of my word.
"Would've"?
Except you got my name wrong.
-Your name?
-[kidnapper] Michael Bellerose.
That's what you get
if you just look for my headshot
on the company website.
I'm a little disappointed.
actually.
You really thought
I was that stupid?
I mean. it's not much of a cover
if you use your real name.
How could I have known that?
[kidnapper]
You couldn't. that's the idea.
So I never had a chance?
[kidnapper] I never said
your odds were great.
Also. you might have shown a
little more respect for my dad.
-Come on!
-He got screwed pretty bad.
It wasn't all his fault.
Got Daddy issues?
Get in line!
[kidnapper] Anyway. it was
a wonderfully close call.
And I still get the chance
to introduce you
to another friend of mine.
I have really been
looking forward to this.
-[gasps]
-[hissing]
I guess this is probably
goodbye. then.
It's been a real pleasure.
truly.
[rattling]
What? Nothing?
After all this time?
Go to hell.
[kidnapper] Right.
Well. enjoy now.
[rhythmic thudding]
[rattling]
[helicopter propellers
thrumming]
[hissing]
What the hell?
[Stephen] Remain in your car!
This is your only warning!
[kidnapper] Wow. Manda!
Who the hell did you call?
-That would be my daddy.
-[kidnapper] Isn't he a banker?
He owns the bank! Who the fuck
did you think you kidnapped?
[kidnapper] Oh. we're definitely
in trouble now!
Yeah!
[boot lid creaking]
[Stephen] Keep off the gas
or you will be sorry!
[helicopter flying]
[ominous music playing]
[car door opens]
Morning. sir!
Please.
Do make yourself at home.
-[car door closes]
-Go to hell.
[chuckles]
You must be Daddy.
I hear the resemblance.
Where's my daughter.
you son of a bitch?
Oh. have no fear. she's very...
She's very near.
-Manda!
-Yeah?
Are you unharmed?
I'm okay.
All right. partner.
I'm gonna tell you
how this is gonna go.
-Are you listening?
-Absolutely.
And. might I add.
barely containing my curiosity
as to how this is gonna go.
This is $100.000.
Why. thank you!
Looking good?
[kidnapper] Very.
[Stephen] Good.
I hope you enjoyed it...
'cause you're not
getting at it.
I'm not sure what to say.
[Amanda]
Daddy. just give him the money!
Stay out of this. Manda.
Daddy. just fucking do it!
He's all about deals!
-[gun cocks]
-I really am.
Yeah. but there is no deal.
Don't test me. I won't hesitate.
Speaking of deals.
I have something
that might interest you.
Take a look...
[Amanda screams]
[Stephen] Jesus!
[Amanda]
Daddy. why did you do that?
Well. the bastard had it coming.
What is this?
[Amanda]
Just let me out of here. please.
What the hell?
[Amanda] Daddy?
Daddy?
Where are you?
[nearby footsteps]
[inhales sharply]
[Stephen] I guess
I'm curious here. Manda.
Did you really not think
I would find out?
Are you kidding? You really want
to get into this now.
[Stephen] Why? This not
convenient for you?
Daddy. there's a fucking snake
somewhere in here!
[Stephen] The thing is this.
I know I haven't always
been around
after your mother died.
you know. and later.
But it's not like I haven't
always provided for you. right?
Did you ever want for anything?
-No.
-[Stephen] No.
So why the hell would you go
and do something like that?
I don't know.
[Stephen] Do you know how much
I spent on that wedding?
And who was there?
And John is a good guy.
decent family.
Do you know
how devastated he is?
-You might never get him back.
-Goddamn it!
Are you even
listening to yourself?
Maybe you should marry him!
[Stephen]
Don't fucking talk back to me!
Your whole goddamn life.
nothing was ever denied you.
And this is the thanks I get.
Running away
like a fucking teenager.
I've got half a mind
to leave you in that trunk!
So do it.
Get back
in your fucking helicopter
and leave me here to rot.
Because you're right.
I was thrilled to be born
with a silver spoon up my ass!
It was awesome!
I've never worked
for anyone but you.
and I just love how that makes
everyone assume
I didn't deserve what I got.
And now I just have to pop out
a couple of kids
to secure the future
of the empire. isn't that right?
[Stephen] Are you done?
Good. 'cause here's what
you're gonna do.
You'll call John
and say you're sorry.
You'll call him and say
whatever you need to say
-to make this right.
-[Amanda] Daddy!
[Stephen] You hear me?
Daddy. he's moving!
[Stephen]
Then. and only then
[Amanda] Daddy. he's alive!
-[engine starts]
-[Stephen] What the...?
[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps softly]
[tyres squeal]
-[thud]
-Ah!
[breathing heavily]
[helicopter propellers beating]
-[loud crash]
-[gasps]
[tyres screech]
[helicopter flying]
Just stop!
Stop the fucking car!
[loud thud]
Ah!
[tyres screech]
[engine sputtering]
[breathing heavily]
[beeps]
[phone line rings]
-[John] This is John.
-Hey. John. it's me.
Just kidding!
I can't talk right now.
But please leave a message
and I'll get right back to you.
-[voicemail beeps]
-Fuck you. John!
You usually have the phone
glued to your head.
and now you don't pick up?
[inhales deeply and sighs]
Listen. I just wanted to say
that I'm sorry. I really am.
-[cell phone beeps]
-I'm sorry for lying to you.
and I'm sorry for leaving you
at the wedding. and...
I'm sorry.
I'm just sorry for all of it.
You deserve so much better.
and I apologise.
I do. yeah?
-So. um...
-[cell phone beeps]
That's really
all I wanted to say.
Yeah?
Great. Then. um...
Yeah. bye. then.
You know what? Scratch all that.
I'm not sorry.
I hate that you had to get
all caught up in my issues.
Yeah. it's a raw deal to be left
at your wedding.
but come on. you'll live.
Which is more than I can say.
And you are a great guy.
And you deserve a wonderful
girl. it just ain't me.
And I wish I would've figured
this out sooner. I really do.
But it is what it is. so. um...
I gotta go.
[laughs]
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
-[tyres screech]
-Ah!
[loud crash]
[glass shattering]
[gentle music playing]
[sniffles]
[whimpers]
[gasps]
Fuck.
[sighs]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
-[snake rattling]
-[gasps]
Shit.
[eerie music playing]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[snake rattling]
[groans]
[yelping]
Ah!
[boot lid creaking]
[screams]
[coughing]
[dramatic music playing]
[foliage snaps]
[menacing music playing]
[gun cocks]
[gun clicking empty]
[laughs]
[gasps]
What?
Get in.
You've got to be fucking--
Move it.
Come on. Amanda.
Please!
Fruit Loops. this isn't fair.
Amanda. let me out!
Manda!
[snake rattling]
You don't want to go back
to John anyway.
Come on!
Manda!
In case you forgot.
there's a snake in here.
Come on!
[heroic music playing]
Manda!
Manda.
Daddy.
Hi.
You're alive.
You too.
Looking for a ride?
-May I?
-Sure.
Nice dress.
So I'm told.
I left him back there. the guy.
[officer] He loose?
No.
How about we leave him
for backup?
You okay. ma'am?
Never been better.
And it's miss.
Gotcha.
[adventurous music playing]
[dramatic music playing]